Lilith is a shadow that wants to be a light. She finds the Sun Palace and starts looking for clues about how light and shadow interact. She finds these cute little creatures called Photons that like to fly around as fast as they can and decides to study them. Apparently the Photons are slaves to the Light and get sucked and broken or reflected by whatever object Light hits and their absence turns into Shadow.

Lilith, shocked by this discovery, decides to help these little guys not die when they hit something. She finds the Sun Queen and tells her not to kill Photons anymore. The Queen replies that Photons are the essence of life for both Light and Shadow.  Unfortunately it's their fate to serve them both.

Lilith is stubborn though and decides to look into how humans perceive the Light and Shadow. She starts following a human and enters his eyes. There, she finds the fat Iris King, he's stuffed with Photons in his mouth and is annoyed that a shadow has entered his realm. He demands to know what Lilith wants. Lilith asks why he likes eating Photons. "It's the only way I can see" he replies.

Lilith finds him obnoxious and decides to visit the stomach and asks if they can make something else for the Iris King to eat. "He can eat Shadows as well" they reply. Lilith is in fear now. "What do you mean?" she asks. "He eats Photons or the absence of them. How do you think he sees Shadows?". Lilith thinks and thinks and thinks. "He can eat Photons or the absence of them" she mutters to herself. "But what if Photons could become absent to him, or what if Shadows could become Light!"

She goes back to the Shadow Cave and starts studying about the universe and learns about Dark Energy and Black Holes.

"Black Holes!" shes shouts when she learns about them. "What if I become a shadow so big that all the Photons can hide in me", she thinks. "The the Iris King will have to learn to see in the dark!"

She starts connecting with other shadows that want to be lights. They connect and connect and connect and finally they grow so big that they can take the Photons to other places and other times, just like a Black Hole. The Iris King, with no other choice learns to not eat Photons but play with them as they come to the eye. That way he can see while not eating them. And everyone is happy forever after.


