The Thorii are an ancient divine tribe servants to the Gods of Olympus. Each year the Gods decree a goal to be fulfilled for the betterment of the Greek world. The Thorii need to find the most suitable mind to achieve that goal.

The game starts as Optis, a female young Thorii, heads to the Nous Celebration to learn of this year's goal. The Gods need the Thorii to find an individual who will return Faith in the Gods.

Optis heads to Athens to find such an individual. She stands witness to an arrest of a young streetrat in the Agora who stole from Fixis, the daughter of the Leader of Athens. The youth, called Aexis, seems quite witty and Optis decides to follow him in prison so she can find out what his character is.

After she enters his mind, she realizes he's a kind hearted youth who lost everything in a battle with the Spartans. She decides that this individual is best suited to achieve this years goal as he also seems quite smart and a good talker.

Alas,  another Thorii is in prison as well looking for his Pair for this year. Novos, a really evil Thorii who thinks he's better than everyone asks Optis why she's in the prison building. Optis explains that her chosen Pair for this year is a steetrat who stole from the Leader of Athens.

Novos gasps in amazement. "This is it!" he tells her. "I will make the daughter of the Leader of Athens go to the Spartans and demand that they dispose of her father! War is a time when everyone asks mercy from the Gods. This is a masterplan!".

Optis is appalled and decides to help Aexis free himself and goes to the Agora to find Fixis. Instead they find another person who takes an interest in them, the philosopher Epicurus. He asks what a Thorii is doing in Athens. Optis explains the situation and Epicurus tells her that she will need a power of his in order to defeat Novos.

Optis forcefully enters his mind to find out what this power is but Epicurus blocks her. He tells her that she will need to enter the minds of the 7 greatest philosophers to have ever lived in Greece and defeat their Locks. Only then he will give her his power.

Optis has no other choice but to agree. She embarks on a journey throughout ancient Greece to defeat the 7 Locks of the greatest Greek philosophers with the goal of defeating Novos.

Optis has to find and defeat the Locks of Socrates, Plato, Pythagoras, Aristotle, Heraclitus, Democritus and Diogenes.

She travels along with Aexis to the seven tombs of these great minds and defeats the Locks.

She returns to Athens and enters the mind of Epicurus to acquire the Immortality spell.

They leave for Sparta only to find the Spartan army midway on their way to Athens. Aexis pleads Fixis to reconsider and she takes him hostage.

They arrive in Athens and in the attack begins, during the chaos Aexis is able to free himself and finds Fixis on her way to murder her father.

He tells her that Novos is controlling her but she doesn't believe him. Optis enters her mind without hesitation at that moment and defeats Novos in the end. Fixis is free of him and orders the Spartans to fall back. She thanks Aexis and ask him to marry her.

Aexis accepts and gives a great speech tp both the Athenians and Spartas about the power of kindness and empathy and the blessing of peace. He tells them that the Gods need their Faith and collaboration so eveyrone lives in etenral peace. The soldiers and citizens are moved and sit and pray together at the Acropolis.

Zeus and Athens come down and bless them. They announce Optis as the winner of this year's Nous Celebration and ask her what kind of God she would like to be. She repsonds she would like to be Goddess of Serenenity. The Gods grant her wish and the game ends.